hey there and welcome to another episode
of cooking with Jah I'm John and this is
my cooking show this week we're gonna be
making something that is actually really
simple to eat it's very delicious you
can do it either in the oven in the
grill and you can pretty much make this
any way you want
today we're gonna be making chicken
teriyaki shish kebabs I've got four
chicken breasts red pepper green pepper
jalapeno cos Nikki likes it spicy as
well as a red onion I'm also going to be
using wooden skewers which are about a
foot long you can do this one of two
ways you can either mix all your
ingredients together teriyaki sauce put
them on the skewer thrown right on the
grill but today I'm actually going to be
letting a marinade for about an hour and
the teriyaki sauce and that way I'll
have flavor just kind of get saturated
right into the meat right into the
vegetables I'm also going to be soaking
my excuse in cold water for Oh about
half an hour so when I put the kebab on
the grill the wood will burn right away
it will be really moist it'd be really
wet and it'll absorb a lot of heat
dry out before it starts to just burn
right away all right so the first thing
that we're gonna do is take our red
onion and just cut it into quarters I've
already cleaned out the inside of the
peppers you want to get all the seeds
out the stem and all sorts of stuff in
there and again we're just gonna cut
this in half and set it aside
same with the green pepper now we've
really just kind of want Chuck so you
can cut this in thirds and then again in
two pieces
so we have nice little pieces of red
pepper that we can stick on our shish
kebob and the same with the green pepper
cut it in thirds and then cut your
chunks into three pieces and all this is
getting set aside in a pan that I will
mix all my vegetables I've been with the
chicken and the teriyaki sauce I
actually switched to a bigger pan
because I have a lot of vegetables and
next we take our red onion and we don't
need to do anything else except just
pull it apart and pull that layer off
gonna pull it apart and we'll just throw
it in chunk by chunk and this will be
what you actually throw on the skewer
now we're gonna cut up the jalapeno yeah
we're just gonna go ahead cut that into
quarters and we'll just do a couple
pieces put
on the skewers just like that
okay and next we're gonna slice our
chicken into chunks and you can cut the
larger part of the breasts a half I like
to cut the tip off because it's kind of
a smaller piece and once we cut the
larger part of the breast in half we're
just gonna cut the chicken into nice
small chunks so it'll fit on our skewer
with our vegetables you can go ahead and
throw those in with the vegetables
everything's gonna get cooked so it
doesn't matter that is touching the raw
chicken and when we're done with this
we're gonna go ahead and we're just
gonna add teriyaki sauce to the chicken
and the vegetables and we're gonna mix
it all up and let it sit in the fridge
for about an hour it now comes the fun
part where we get to add our teriyaki to
the vegetables and the chicken sometimes
it comes out pretty slow but I'm gonna
go ahead and use a whole bottle this is
a lot of chicken and a lot of vegetables
and now we just take all this and we mix
it up by hand we just kind of massage
the teriyaki sauce into the vegetables
head into the chicken make sure you get
every single piece in there work it real
good
and just get a good coating on the
vegetables and on the chicken I like
this particular chair chicken teriyaki
sauce I'm not exactly sure what brand it
is but it's pretty sticky it's not very
runny and it sticks to all the chicken
and all the vegetables really well and
you want to make sure that you really
get in you know side the pieces of
pepper like this you have a corner just
you want to make sure you get all that
teriyaki sauce in and around the whole
pepper and I've spent about five minutes
just really slowly but surely mixing up
all the vegetables all the chicken all
the teriyaki sauce I want to make sure
that this stuff is just full of flavor
and as you can tell iris is really
really excited about this
at all I'm gonna use as a shallow baking
sheet it's about half an inch thick it's
about a quarter-inch full of water and
the sticks will absorb a little bit of
water but not much you just need to make
sure you have a pan that's long enough
to hold the skewers so our skewers have
been soaking for about 45 minutes
the meat the vegetables and the teriyaki
sauce have been also marinating for
about 45 minutes we're gonna go ahead
put them all on the skewers and then
take them out to the barbecue grill and
start feeling I'm just going to show you
one or two of these and you do the same
thing for everyone so you basically you
start any way you want I like to go
onion green pepper red pepper chicken
and we'll try to find a nice little
piece of jalapeno and I like to put the
jalapeno next to the chicken so the
chick will actually absorb a little bit
of that spicy heat and then we just
repeat the process we go onion green
pepper red pepper chicken jalapeno and
the jalapenos is a it's a little bit
smaller of a piece of pepper so you
basically you just want to turn a skewer
slowly on the jalapeno take it all the
way through and that'll poke a nice
little hole through there
onion green pepper red pepper chicken
jalapeno then we'll go ahead and top it
off with an onion one thing you also
want to be careful about is that you
don't poke yourself with the skewer
these are very very sharp and if you run
it into your hand you're probably gonna
end up poking yourself so bad that you
bleed I have a pan here I'm just going
to take them and I'm actually just gonna
set them across the pan like that all
right so we got nine shish kebabs out of
that we're gonna go ahead we're gonna
throw them on the grill for oh I don't
know 10 to 20 minutes until the chicken
is nice and cooked and the vegetables
are soft and delicious all right the
grill is hot the kebabs are skewered and
I've got a nice cold beer if you're 21
years of age or older in the United
States there's nothing better
then drinking a nice cold one will you
do a little grilling so we're just gonna
take our kebabs we're gonna put them on
a red-hot grill side by side all the way
across and a lot of times when I'm
grilling I'll leave the dogs inside
because I don't want them to
accidentally get burned they really
would not appreciate that we have our
teriyaki chicken shish kebabs on the
grill well do them on about five minutes
aside we'll flip them five minutes flip
them five minutes put in five minutes
and they'll be on for about 20 minutes
I'm gonna cover them for the first 10
minutes to keep all that heat inside and
let me tell you what these are going to
be absolutely delicious
later they've been on for 15 minutes I
think they're done we're gonna go ahead
and take them off you can see we're
getting a lot of just nice char there
all the chicken looks nice and done I
would take them off put them in my pan
and then we're gonna enjoy and there is
the final product and I like to pull all
the ingredients off of the skewer you
can leave it on if you want but let's go
ahead and give it a try and see how it
tastes
mmm that chicken is delicious has such a
great combination of flavors and let me
tell you what you guys are really going
to enjoy these absolutely delicious well
thanks for tuning in to this episode of
cooking with John I really appreciate
you guys supporting the channel I hope
you enjoy these teriyaki chicken shish
kabobs I know I'm going to I will see
you next week with more cooking from me